docs: add architecture docs (#9227)
thunderbird/thunderbird-android: docs/architecture/feature-modules.md

  - **API**: Public interfaces for message list widget
  - **Implementation**: Concrete implementations of message list widget
- **Message List Glance**: Glanceable message widget
  - **API**: Public interfaces for glance widget
  - **Implementation**: Concrete implementations of glance widget
- **Shortcut**: App shortcut widgets
  - **API**: Public interfaces for shortcut widgets
  - **Implementation**: Concrete implementations of shortcut widgets
- **Unread**: Unread message counter widget
  - **API**: Public interfaces for unread counter widget
  - **Implementation**: Concrete implementations of unread counter widget

## 🔄 Supporting Feature Modules

In addition to the core email functionality, the application includes several supporting feature modules:

### 🔎 Autodiscovery Module

The Autodiscovery module automatically detects email server settings.

#### Subfeatures:

- **API** (`feature:autodiscovery:api`): Public interfaces
- **Autoconfig** (`feature:autodiscovery:autoconfig`): Automatic configuration
- **Service** (`feature:autodiscovery:service`): Service implementation
- **Demo** (`feature:autodiscovery:demo`): Demonstration implementation

### 💰 Funding Module

> The Funding module handles in-app donations and funding options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Funding module handles in-app financial contributions and funding options.
```

#### Subfeatures:

- **API** (`feature:funding:api`): Public interfaces
- **Google Play** (`feature:funding:googleplay`): Google Play billing integration
- **Link** (`feature:funding:link`): External funding link handling
- **Noop** (`feature:funding:noop`): No-operation implementation

### 🔄 Migration Module

The Migration module handles data migration between different email clients.

#### Subfeatures:

- **Provider** (`feature:migration:provider`): Migration data providers
- **QR Code** (`feature:migration:qrcode`): QR code-based migration
- **Launcher** (`feature:migration:launcher`): Migration launcher
  - **API** (`feature:migration:launcher:api`): Launcher interfaces
  - **Noop** (`feature:migration:launcher:noop`): No-operation implementation
  - **Thunderbird** (`feature:migration:launcher:thunderbird`): Thunderbird-specific implementation

### 📊 Telemetry Module

The Telemetry module handles usage analytics and reporting.

#### Subfeatures:

- **API** (`feature:telemetry:api`): Public interfaces
- **Noop** (`feature:telemetry:noop`): No-operation implementation
- **Glean** (`feature:telemetry:glean`): Mozilla Glean integration

## 🔌 Extending with Additional Features

> The modular architecture of Thunderbird for Android allows for easy extension with additional features. Here are some examples of how the app could be extended:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modular architecture of Thunderbird for Android allows for easy extension with additional features. To give you an idea how the app could be extended when building a new feature, here are some theoretical examples along with their structure:
```

I want to avoid promises on a calendar feature when folks read the docs, the substantial change here "theoretical" :)

### 📅 Calendar Feature

A Calendar feature could be added to integrate calendar functionality with email.

```
feature:calendar
├── feature:calendar:api
├── feature:calendar:impl
├── feature:calendar:event
│   ├── feature:calendar:event:api
│   └── feature:calendar:event:impl
└── feature:calendar:sync
    ├── feature:calendar:sync:api
    └── feature:calendar:sync:impl
```

> ### ✅ Todo Feature

Reviewer: I think we should condense this to 1-2 examples. They are all very similar, so more than that doesn't make it more clear.
